Docs/agent documentation (#57)
eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-docs: docs/agent_api.rst

Sets an user-defined callback function for a specific create/delete middleware entity operation.

:middleware_kind: Enum defining all the supported middlewares (see :ref:`middleware_abstraction_layer`).
:callback_kind: Enum holding all the possible create/delete operations:

.. code-block:: cpp

    enum class CallbackKind : uint8_t
    {
        CREATE_PARTICIPANT,
        CREATE_DATAWRITER,
        CREATE_DATAREADER,
        CREATE_REQUESTER,
        CREATE_REPLIER,
        DELETE_PARTICIPANT,
        DELETE_DATAWRITER,
        DELETE_DATAREADER,
        DELETE_REQUESTER,
        DELETE_REPLIER
    };

:callback_function: Callback to be defined by the user. It must follow a certain signature, depending on the used middleware.

------

.. _agent_class_api:

eprosima::uxr::Agent
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

However, it is also possible for users to create and instantiate their own agent instances, for example, to implement a :ref:`custom_transport_agent`.
Also, in some scenarios it could be useful to have all the necessary `ProxyClient` and their associated DDS entities created by the agent even before

> clients are started, so that client applications get rid of the process of creating the session and the DDS entities and can focus only on the communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Clients* are started, so that *Clients* applications can avoid the process of creating the session and the DDS entities, and can focus on the communication.
```

> This would allow a Micro XRCE-DDS Client application to be as tiny in terms of memory consumption as it can be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This would allow a Micro XRCE-DDS Client application to be as tiny as it can be in terms of memory consumption.
```

The following API is provided to fulfill these requirements:

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    bool create_client(uint32_t key, uint8_t session, uint16_t mtu, Middleware::Kind middleware_kind, OpResult& op_result);

> Allows to create a `ProxyClient` entity, which can act on behalf of an external client to request the creation/deletion of DDS entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function allows to create a ``ProxyClient`` entity, which can act on behalf of an external *Client* to request the creation/deletion of DDS entities.
```

> Returns `true` if the creation was successful, or `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It returns ``true`` if the creation was successful, ``false`` otherwise.
```

> :key: The `ProxyClient`'s identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:key: The ``ProxyClient``'s identifier.
```

> :session: The session ID to which the created `ProxyClient` is attached to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:session: The session ID to which the created ``ProxyClient`` is attached to.
```

:mtu: The *Maximum Transmission Unit* size.

> :middleware_kind: The middleware used by the `ProxyClient`, to be chosen among the ones presented in the :ref:`middleware_abstraction_layer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:middleware_kind: The middleware used by the ``ProxyClient``, to be chosen among the ones presented in the :ref:`middleware_abstraction_layer`.
```

:op_result: The result status of this operation.

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    bool delete_client(uint32_t key, OpResult& op_result);

> Deletes a certain `ProxyClient` from the client proxy database, given its ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function deletes a given ``ProxyClient`` from the client proxy database, given its ID.
```

> Returns `true` if the operation was completed successfully, or `false` otherwise (for example, if the given ID was not registered to any `ProxyClient`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns ``true`` if the operation was completed successfully, ``false`` otherwise (for example, if the provided ID was not registered to any ``ProxyClient``).
```

> :key: The identifier of the `ProxyClient` to be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:key: The identifier of the ``ProxyClient`` to be removed.
```

:op_result: The result status of the operation.

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    bool create_participant_by_xml(uint32_t client_key, uint16_t participant_id, int16_t domain_id, const char* xml, uint8_t flag, OpResult& op_result);

> Creates a DDS participant for a certain client, given its self-contained description in a XML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function creates a DDS participant for a given *Client*, given its self-contained description in an XML file.
```

> The participant will act the entrypoint for the rest of DDS entities to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The participant will act as an entry point for the rest of the DDS entities to be created.
```

> Returns `true` if the creation was successful, or `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It returns ``true`` if the creation was successful, ``false`` otherwise.
```

> :client_key: The identifier of the `ProxyClient` to which the resulting participant will be attached to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:client_key: The identifier of the ``ProxyClient`` to which the resulting participant will be attached to.
```

:participant_id: The identifier of the participant to be created.
:domain_id: The DDS domain ID associated to the participant.
:xml: The XML describing the participant properties.
:flag: It determines the creation mode of the new participant (see :ref:`creation_mode_table`).
:op_result: The result status of this operation.

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    bool create_participant_by_ref(uint32_t client_key, uint16_t participant_id, int16_t domain_id, const char* ref, uint8_t flag, OpResult& op_result);

> Creates a DDS participant for a certain client, given a reference to its description hosted in a certain XML descriptor file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function creates a DDS participant for a given *Client*, given a reference to its description hosted in a certain XML descriptor file.
```

> The references file must have been previously loaded by the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reference file must have been previously loaded to the *Agent*.
```

> The participant will act the entrypoint for the rest of DDS entities to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The participant will act as an entry point for the rest of the DDS entities to be created.
```

> Returns `true` if the creation was successful, or `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns ``true`` if the creation was successful, ``false`` otherwise.
```

> :client_key: The identifier of the `ProxyClient` to which the resulting participant will be attached to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:client_key: The identifier of the ``ProxyClient`` to which the resulting participant will be attached to.
```

:participant_id: The identifier of the participant to be created.
:domain_id: The DDS domain ID associated to the participant.

> :ref: The reference tag which will retrieve the participant description from the references file, previously loaded by the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref: The reference tag which will retrieve the participant description from the reference file, previously loaded to the *Agent*.
```

Author: It is not a reference file, it is a file containing references. Therefore I think it is clearer to keep "references file" or  "from the file where the references are defined"

:flag: It determines the creation mode of the new participant (see :ref:`creation_mode_table`).
:op_result: The result status of this operation.

..
    TODO: Add reference to creation mode section (xml/ref).

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    bool delete_participant(uint32_t client_key, uint16_t participant_id, OpResult& op_result);

> Removes a DDS participant from a certain client proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function removes a DDS participant from a certain client proxy.
```

> Returns `true` if the participant was deleted, or `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns ``true`` if the participant was deleted, ``false`` otherwise.
```

> :client_key: The identifier of the `ProxyClient` from which the participant must be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:client_key: The identifier of the ``ProxyClient`` from which the participant must be deleted.
```

:participant_id: The ID of the participant to be deleted.
:op_result: The result status of the operation.

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    bool create_<entity>_by_xml(uint32_t client_key, uint16_t <entity>_id, uint16_t <associated_entity>_id, const char* xml, uint8_t flag, OpResult& op_result);

> Creates a certain DDS entity attached to an existing `ProxyClient`, given its client key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function creates a certain DDS entity attached to an existing ``ProxyClient``, given its client key.
```

An XML must be provided, containing the DDS description of the entity to be created.

There are as many methods available as existing DDS entities, replacing the parameters *<entity>* and *<associated_entity>* as follows:

.. _existing_entities_and_associated_entities:

*Agent's API available DDS entities and their associated entities*
******************************************************************

=============== =========================
**<entity>**    **<associated_entity>**
=============== =========================
topic           participant
publisher       participant
subscriber      participant
datawriter      publisher
datareader      subscriber
requester       participant
replier         participant
=============== =========================

> 

Reviewer: LOVE THIS :)

> This operation returns `true` if the entity is successfully created and linked to its associated entity (which must previously exist in the given `ProxyClient`), or false otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This operation returns ``true`` if the entity is successfully created and linked to its associated entity (which must previously exist in the given ``ProxyClient``), ``false`` otherwise.
```

> :client_key: The identifier of the `ProxyClient` to which the resulting entity will be attached to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:client_key: The identifier of the ``ProxyClient`` to which the resulting entity will be attached to.
```

:<entity>_id: The ID of the DDS entity to be created.
:<associated_entity>_id: The identifier of the DDS entity to which this one will be assocciated.
:xml: The XML describing the entity properties.
:flag: It determines the creation mode of the new entity (see :ref:`creation_mode_table`).
:op_result: The result status of this operation.

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    bool create_<entity>_by_ref(uint32_t client_key, uint16_t <entity>_id, uint16_t <associated_entity>_id, const char* ref, uint8_t flag, OpResult& op_result);

> Creates a certain DDS entity attached to an existing `ProxyClient`, given its client key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function creates a certain DDS entity attached to an existing ``ProxyClient``, given its client key.
```

> The description of the entity to be created is hosted in a certain references file and must be tagged with the same tag name, provided as the `ref` parameter to this method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The description of the entity to be created is hosted in a certain reference file and must be tagged with the same tag name, provided as the ``ref`` parameter to this method.
```

There are as many methods available as existing DDS entities, replacing the parameters *<entity>* and *<associated_entity>* as shown above in the previous method description (see :ref:`existing_entities_and_associated_entities`).

> This operation returns `true` if the entity is successfully created and linked to its associated entity (which must previously exist in the given `ProxyClient`), or false otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This operation returns ``true`` if the entity is successfully created and linked to its associated entity (which must previously exist in the given ``ProxyClient``), ``false`` otherwise.
```

> :client_key: The identifier of the `ProxyClient` to which the resulting entity will be attached to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:client_key: The identifier of the ``ProxyClient`` to which the resulting entity will be attached to.
```

:<entity>_id: The ID of the DDS entity to be created.
:<associated_entity>_id: The identifier of the DDS entity to which this one will be assocciated.

> :ref: The reference tag which will retrieve the DDS entity description from the references file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref: The reference tag which will retrieve the DDS entity description from the reference file.
```

:flag: It determines the creation mode of the new entity (see :ref:`creation_mode_table`).
:op_result: The result status of this operation.

..
    TODO: Add reference to creation mode section (xml/ref).

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    bool delete_<entity>(uint32_t client_key, uint16_t <entity>_id, OpResult& op_result);

> Deletes a certain entity from a `ProxyClient`. Its associated entities will also be deleted, if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function deletes a certain entity from a ``ProxyClient``. Its associated entities will also be deleted, if applicable.
```

There exist as many method signatures of this type in the agent's API as available entities. See the :ref:`existing_entities_and_associated_entities` table for further information.

> Returns `true` if the entity is correctly removed, or `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It returns ``true`` if the entity is correctly removed, ``false`` otherwise.
```

> :client_key: The identifier of the `ProxyClient` from which the entity must be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:client_key: The identifier of the ``ProxyClient`` from which the entity must be deleted.
```

:<entity>_id: The ID of the DDS entity to be deleted.
:op_result: The result status of the operation.

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    bool load_config_file(const std::string& file_path);

> Loads a configuration file which provides with the tagged XML definitions of the desired XRCE entities that can be created using the reference creation mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function loads a configuration file that provides the tagged XML definitions of the desired XRCE entities that can be created using the reference creation mode.
```

The used syntax must match the one defined for [FastDDS XML profile syntax](https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/xml_configuration/xml_configuration.html),

> where the *profile name* attributes represent the reference's names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the *profile name* attributes represent the reference names.
```

> Returns `true` if the file was correctly loaded or `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function returns ``true`` if the file was correctly loaded, ``false`` otherwise.
```

..
    TODO: Add reference to creation mode section (xml/ref).

> :file_path: Relative path to the references file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:file_path: Relative path to the reference file.
```

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    void reset();

> Deletes all the `ProxyClient` instances and their associated DDS entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function deletes all the ``ProxyClient`` instances and their associated DDS entities.
```

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    void set_verbose_level(uint8_t verbose_level);

> Sets the verbose level of the logger, from `0` (logger is off) to `6` (critical, error, warning, info, debug and trace messages displayed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function sets the verbose level of the logger, from **0** (logger is off) to **6** (in between, critical, error, warning, info, debug, and trace messages are displayed).
```

Author: Actually, not in between. Level 6 shows all of these traces. Level 5 shows everything but trace messages, and so on.

:verbose_level: The level to be set.

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    template <typename ... Args>
    void add_middleware_callback(const Middleware::Kind& middleware_kind, const middleware::CallbackKind& callback_kind, std::function<void (Args ...)>&& callback_function);

> Same functionality as the one described in :code:`add_middleware_callback`, for :ref:`agent_instance_class_api`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function exposes the same functionality as the one described in :code:`add_middleware_callback`, for :ref:`agent_instance_class_api`.
```

:<entity>_id: The ID of the DDS entity to be deleted.
:op_result: The result status of the operation.

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    bool load_config_file(const std::string& file_path);

Loads a configuration file which provides with the tagged XML definitions of the desired XRCE entities that can be created using the reference creation mode.

The used syntax must match the one defined for [FastDDS XML profile syntax](https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/xml_configuration/xml_configuration.html),
where the *profile name* attributes represent the reference's names.

Returns `true` if the file was correctly loaded or `false` otherwise.

..
    TODO: Add reference to creation mode section (xml/ref).

:file_path: Relative path to the references file.

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    void reset();

Deletes all the `ProxyClient` instances and their associated DDS entities.

------

.. code-block:: cpp

    void set_verbose_level(uint8_t verbose_level);

Sets the verbose level of the logger, from `0` (logger is off) to `6` (critical, error, warning, info, debug and trace messages displayed).

:verbose_level: The level to be set.

------

.. code-block:: cpp

>     template <typename ... Args>

Reviewer 2: Isn't this repeated from line 69?

Author: Yes, kind of. The thing is that both `AgentInstance` and `Agent` can invoke this method, so... maybe I could reference one to another
